Coding Practices

- Error
--- programming errors
--- functionality errors
--- validations feedback

Response
--- Error response
--- Success Response
--- Angular
--- API

add version to api



- Make all async promise based
- How can I split UserSocket? Should I?
- Testing?
- Deployment - minimization ...



handling error = https://www.joyent.com/developers/node/design/errors


db creating undefined keys under room (create user)
"undefined:users:56466a8a9a4dde5c0ec4a072"
"undefined:state"

save data on redis? do I need that, why do I get Error: MISCONF Redis is configured to save RDB snapshots, but is currently not a
ble to persist on disk. Commands that may modify the data set are disabled. Plea
se check Redis logs for details about the error.

server error: Error: EXECABORT Transaction discarded because of previous errors.
 Something went wrong connecting the user!
2XGXJzlJ9DMYoddgAABA disconnect
server error: Error: EXECABORT Transaction discarded because of previous errors.
 Something went wrong when leaving!
 
 
vote/unvote - I voted should reflect which button to present the user, either vote or unvote
last uses unvoting a question deletes it
check vote/ unvote functionality
applause should revoke after 1 min
remove the caster from the connected users list

need to save & reload room state, if someone reloads the page, should get back exactly to the same room status as everyone else.
raise hand should expire after 5 min

check connect reconnect disconnect of socket io

if fields will be expired by redis, how can I be notified on those changes? - http://redis.io/topics/notifications

giving permission to someone can be achieved only if the broadcaster has the permission. so first the broadcaster need to revoke a permission before giving to another
so people can raise hand but it will be a button only if the broadcaster have the permission

room expire after session end
room configuration: room open at:, room close at:,

Delete question by caster

Questions filters
User filters
hide question 
show all question
hide user 
show all users

users connected bug


users & current speaker - flexbox stretch boxes
header,content, footer should be column first

vendor specific for flex css

split css better to components


broadcast video/audio
from broadcster to room
from user to room

manage rooms

auto testing
caching

validations
feedback on errors
feedback on actions


javascript - learn to best practice on input validation in all layers of the software



how to make angular perform better, best practice setting up angular bindings while reducing the times a function is called until stabilized, postpone activation?

